So let's continue working with these design everything from kids.
I think it's fine by the if we open the website design you can see that we have these text in this image
the idea of these is only to give a message to enforce the mentors that were trying to get with this
website.
Spoil yourself with these high quality prose.
And I'm going to show you how to do that.
It's going to be really simple.
The previous example I think was more complex than these when so feels when I open my door I'm going
up and down on them and here on really nice back I'm going to reichlich and she'll be fine.
So he's going to open up the corner probably and refuter you can create an item you for that these and
you will find a banner at the back so you can copy these in page right here.
So this soon to be a more static content but that's something really common as so in a lot of Wordpress
Web site we're going to have biner
in Bandhan we miss that.
Of course you can make more or more of this great descriptive So again I'm going out and simple show
hooks and show actual cooks and we have the bunch of these right after the best sellers is what I want
to bring in this manner.
Over.
Page and the best selling prose are using our priority of 17 into either bigger or number of these ladies
in next to this bestselling sort of like a spa.
Boy you manage then we have another action and then we're going to use page and then we use the function
inside single quotes and then we have 80 something like that.
So let's add something like Echo manif here.
Save these and remove their hooks
scroll to the bottom and then you can see the banner here.
So we're going to add the.
And I think I'm going to make these clothes a bit dark so we can write Morrish the man and then I'm
going to deep set something like Banner's.
Boy you and yeah see how you're going to make these.
Maybe you can add another that deep is going to be
columns for the other one is going to be columns 8 something like that.
And then we can use.
Yes I see.
So we can display the match of course and I'm going to show you how to do that in the next videos.
We're going to see how you can use advanced custom fields the most popular custom fields in commerce
and work in wordpress.
They say it's available that you can use also in combers so square going have a beach but that it go
get this shit directory.
You're right.
Get that shit directory you are right this is the function that we went to use.
Then we are there for Shlash and then we use AMG then we have a banner that cheapish sameas and up in
the front in and you can see we have the image.
So next we're going to have maybe I'm going to use a NH area right here or something like that.
It's going to be for you yourself
with these high quality products.
It's the same these up and again and you can see that we have something like this.
Of course we need to add some CSSA to make this look exactly like we need to.
So in the next we are going to finish this example can I write some C assess to finish this section.